feat: merge cli-ux library with oclif/core (#345)
oclif/core: src/cli-ux/README.md

> # Migrating from cli-ux module to use the ux components now present in @oclif/core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to migrate from the `cli-ux` module and use the `ux` components now contained in `@oclif/core`
```

> The capability of `cli-ux` has been retained in `@oclif/core`, but the code has been reorganized to expose the exported members via a namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've retained the capabilities of `cli-ux` in `@oclif/core`, but we've reorganized the code to expose the exported members via a namespace.
```

> The exported member `cli` had been removed, since it is equivalent to exported member `ux`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've removed the exported member `cli`, because it's equivalent to the exported member `ux`.
```

> Updating your project to use cli IO utilities should be straight forward.

Reviewer: Question: Do the steps below show how to "update your project to use cli IO utilities"?  If so, I suggest you change this line to say:

"Follow these steps to update your project to use cli IO utilities:"

Author: The project already is using cli IO utilities via the old cli-ux module. These steps are how to remove the old and make changes to access the utilities via @oclif/core module.

Reviewer: Ah, gotcha.  Leave that sentence as-is then.  And  I suggest you add a short sentence before the steps, just to set them up; something like "Follow these steps to migrate:".    No need to explain what they're migrating from/to because the title of the section says it.

> - Remove the `cli-ux` dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remove the `cli-ux` dependency.
```

> - Change imports that reference `cli-ux` to `@oclif/core`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change all imports that reference `cli-ux` to `@oclif/core`.
```

> - Add namespace member `CliUx` to your `@oclif/core` import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the namespace member `CliUx` to your `@oclif/core` import.
```

> - Preface previous `cli-ux` members with namespace `CliUx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Preface previous `cli-ux` members with the namespace `CliUx`.
```

> - Replace references to member `cli` with `ux`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace all references to member `cli` with `ux`.
```

Kurtis Weissnat          Johns Group
Chelsey Dietrich         Keebler LLC
Patricia Lebsack         Robel-Corkery
Leanne Graham            Romaguera-Crona
Clementine Bauch         Romaguera-Jacobson
Glenna Reichert          Yost and Sons
```

# CliUx.ux.tree

Generate a tree and display it

```typescript
let tree = CliUx.ux.tree()
tree.insert('foo')
tree.insert('bar')

let subtree = CliUx.ux.tree()
subtree.insert('qux')
tree.nodes.bar.insert('baz', subtree)

tree.display()
```

Outputs:
```shell
├─ foo
└─ bar
   └─ baz
      └─ qux
```

# CliUx.ux.progress

Generate a customizable progress bar and display it

```typescript
const simpleBar = CliUx.ux.progress()
simpleBar.start()

const customBar = CliUx.ux.progress({
                   format: 'PROGRESS | {bar} | {value}/{total} Files',
                   barCompleteChar: '\u2588',
                   barIncompleteChar: '\u2591',
                 })
customBar.start()
```

Outputs:
```shell
bar1:
progress [=====================-------------------] 53% | ETA: 1s | 53/100
bar2:
PROGRESS | █████████████████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░ | 146/204 Files
```

To see a more detailed example, run
```shell script
$ ts-node examples/progress.ts
```

> This extends [cli-progress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-progress)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example extends [cli-progress](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cli-progress).
```

> see all of the options and customizations there, which can be passed in with the options object.

Reviewer: Where is "there"?  Can you clarify?

Author: There is the linked reference to cli-progress module.

Reviewer: Gotcha.  How about changing this sentence to:

"See the `cli-progress` module for all the options and the customizations that can be passed in with the `options` object."   

(not sure if I got that correct, change as needed.)
